README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./app/assets/images/Deer-256.png"/>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/abahmed/Deer">
      <img src="https://travis-ci.org/abahmed/Deer.svg?branch=develop"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/abahmed/deer/branch/develop">
      <img src="https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/k619um0clmxkmlrd/branch/develop?svg=true"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://gitter.im/abahmed/Deer?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge">
      <img src="https://badges.gitter.im/abahmed/Deer.svg"/>
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

**Deer** :deer: is a modern :star2:, fast :rocket:, beautiful note taking :memo: app. Write down your thoughts and ideas :bookmark: quickly and easily on Linux, Mac and Windows.


**Deer** :deer: is built on [Electron](https://electronjs.org) and aims to be
+ Free :free:
+ Open Source :book:
+ User Friendly :art:
+ Secure :closed_lock_with_key:
+ Fast :rocket:
+ Simple :eyeglasses:
+ Customizable :bookmark_tabs:
+ Cross Platform :computer:
+ Multi-language :earth_americas:


### Getting started

Check [Our Wiki](https://github.com/abahmed/deer/wiki) for **building**  and **installing** instructions.


If you would like to contribute to Deer, see [Contributing guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) to get started.

### Get in touch!

Feel free to Join us on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/abahmed/Deer), or email us at [deer-project@googlegroups.com](deer-project@googlegroups.com) if you have questions.

### License

Deer is licensed under [MIT License](LICENSE).

Commit message:

Update issue templates (#85)
* Update issue templates
* Adding Docs

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="./app/assets/images/Deer-256.png"/>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://travis-ci.org/abahmed/Deer">
      <img src="https://travis-ci.org/abahmed/Deer.svg?branch=develop"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://ci.appveyor.com/project/abahmed/deer/branch/develop">
      <img src="https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/k619um0clmxkmlrd/branch/develop?svg=true"/>
    </a>
    <a href="https://gitter.im/abahmed/Deer?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge">
      <img src="https://badges.gitter.im/abahmed/Deer.svg"/>
    </a>
  </p>
</p>

**Deer** :deer: is a modern :star2:, fast :rocket:, beautiful note taking :memo: app. Write down your thoughts and ideas :bookmark: quickly and easily on Linux, Mac and Windows.


**Deer** :deer: is built on [Electron](https://electronjs.org) and aims to be
+ Free :free:
+ Open Source :book:
+ User Friendly :art:
+ Secure :closed_lock_with_key:
+ Fast :rocket:
+ Simple :eyeglasses:
+ Customizable :bookmark_tabs:
+ Cross Platform for Desktop and Mobile :computer:
+ Multi-language :earth_americas:


### Getting started

Check [Our Docs](./docs/index.md) for **building**  and **installing** instructions.


If you would like to contribute to Deer, see [Our Docs](./docs/index.md) too.

### Get in touch!

Feel free to Join us on [Gitter](https://gitter.im/abahmed/Deer), or email us at [deer-project@googlegroups.com](deer-project@googlegroups.com) if you have questions.

### License

Deer is licensed under [MIT License](LICENSE).
